OKAY, NOW LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT
THE FOOD THAT WE HAVE HERE.
WE HAVE, WE HAVE COW TONGUE, WE
HAVE ANT YOGURT WHICH I'VE NEVER
HEARD OF.
WE HAVE FIGURE FLESH MEATS
JELLY.
>> DELICACY.
>> James: RAW CLAM SHOOTER
WITH VIENNA SAUSAGE JUICE.
>> THAT'S A NICE TOUCH.
>> James: YEAH, A GIANT WATER
SCORPION.
FISH EYES.
JALAPENO HAM AND MAYO SMOOTHIE
AND FINALLY ROUNDING IT OUT SOME
LOVELY TURKEY TESTICLES.
HAPPY CHRISTMAS, EVERYBODY.
NOW WILL, SO YOU WILL ASK ME A
QUESTION FIRST.
>> SO MANY MEMORIES AS A CHILD,
GATHERING AROUND THE CHRISTMAS
TREE EATING TUR HE CAN
TESTICLES.
>> James: YES.
WILL, YOU ARE GOING TO ASK THE
FIRST QUESTION, SO YOU NEED TO
CHOOSE A FOOD THAT I WILL HAVE
TO EAT SHOULD I NOT ANSWER.
SO WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE TO GIVE
ME?
>> I'M GOING TO START YOU OFF
WITH COW TONGUE.
>> James: COW TONGUE IT IS.
>> AND THAT IS 100 PERCENT REAL
COW TONGUE.
QUESTION, OF ALL YOUR CARPOOL
KARAOKE GUEST, WHOSE MUSIC DO
YOU LIKE THE LEAST?
, THE LEAST.
(LAUGHTER).
>> James: I MEAN NOW, THE
LEAST DOESN'T MEAN I DON'T LIKE
IT.
THE LEAST MEANS-- .
>> ST JUST THE LEAST, JUST ALL
THE MANY FABULOUS PEOPLE YOU'VE
SUNG WITH, THEY'RE LAST.
(LAUGHTER)
SO THE LEAST, YOUR LEAST
FAVORITE.
>> James: THE PROBLEM IS
ASKING A QUESTION LIKE THIS, FOR
CARPOOL, PEOPLE MISCONSTRUE
THINGS AND THEY WILL READ
SOMETHING.
>> EXACTLY. IT WILL--
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
>> YOU JUST ATTACKED IT WITH
SUCH RELISH.
>> James: THAT IS, THAT
IS-- THAT IS [BLEEP] DISGUSTING.
>> I WOULD RATHER EAT THIS
CANDLE.
>> James: OKAY, WILL, I AM
GOING TO GIVE YOU, LET'S START
WITH A DRINK, A LITTLE RAW CLAM
SHOOTER WITH VIENNA SAUSAGE
JUICE.
ALWAYS BEST TOGETHER.
THAT'S WHAT EVERYONE SAYS.
>> I LOVE IT, THERE'S TWO IN
CASE I REALLY LOVE IT.
>> James: YOU NEVER KNOW, A
CHASER.
>> A CHASER, YEAH.
>> James: OKAY.
OH, YOU MIGHT NOT WANT TO ANSWER
THIS.
(LAUGHTER).
>> James: WILL, WHO WAS THE
MOST DIFFICULT HOST OF SNL WHILE
YOU WERE THERE?
(LAUGHTER)
>> THAT'S EASY.
>> OKAY.
>> James: NO.
(LAUGHTER)
>> NO, I CAN'T REALLY GO THERE.
>> James: OH MY GOD.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE).
>> James: NO!
♪
>> James: OH MY GOODNESS, HOW
WAS THAT?
>> BRINY.
>> James: OKAY, WILL, GIVE ME
A FOOD, WHAT DID YOU WANT TO
GIVE ME HERE?
>> I WANT TO GIVE YOU A GIANT
WATER SCORPION.
>> James: OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
>> THE QUESTION IS YOU HAVE HAD
THESE PEOPLE IN YOUR BAND SINCE
THE SHOW STARTED--
(LAUGHTER)
>> OBVIOUSLY YOU KNOW THEIR
FIRST NAMES, WHAT ARE THEIR LAST
NAMES.
NOW, THERE'S GOT TO BE A SMITH,
RIGHT?
(LAUGHTER).
>> James: REGGIE WATTS.
>> OF COURSE, DONE, ONE.
>> James: STEVE SEZ, STEVE
SCALFETTI, THAT IS HIS NAME.
>> YOU CAN'T FORGET THAT.
>> James: HAGAR-- NO,
IT'S-- IT'S-- IT IS-- IT'S HAGAR
BEN HARI-- ARI, ARI, YEAH, I'LL
TAKE THAT.
>> THREE.
GUILLERMO.
>> RIGHT.
>> James: GUILLERMO DEL TORO.
GUILLERMO BROWN, AM I RIGHT?
YEAH.
>> WOW, ARE YOU GOING TO GET
THIS?
>> ONE LEFT.
>> James: TIMBO.
>> TIM MEE.
>> James: T-BONE.
>> James: MY MAN, THE ONLY
TIMAGITA TIM-O.
I KNOW IT'S SOMETHING SHORTS,
THAT IS WHAT I KNOW, IT'S A
SHORT, DON'T LOOK AT ME LIKE,
THAT TIM.
TIM IT, DON'T LOOK AT ME LIKE,
THAT YOU'RE KILLING ME.
>> Reggie: SAY I HAD TO MAX
FOR ME WHEN YOU GET HOME.
>> James: YOU CAN'T START
NAMING MY KIDS, MAN.
[BLEEP].
>> HE'S GOING TO HAVE A HORRIBLE
CHRISTMAS.
(LAUGHTER)
THIS IS FOR YOU, TIM.
>> James: TIM YOUNG!
SNOATD.
(APPLAUSE)
>> YEAH!
>> James: OH MY GOD, OKAY,
WILL, I AM GOING TO GIVE YOU
SOME ANT YOGURT, OKAY, AND YOUR
QUESTION IS, WILL, WHAT IS YOUR
LEAST FAVORITE WILL FARRELL
MOVIE AND WHY?
MADE A LOT OF MOVIES, A LOT OF
GREAT MOVIES, A LOT OF GREAT
MOVIES.
>> THANK YOU.
THEY ARE ALL LIKE MY CHILDREN.
>> James: YEAH.
>> YEAH.
SO.
>> James: WHICH OF YOUR
CHILDREN IS YOUR LEAST FAVORITE.
>> JACKSON.
NO, HE KNOWS IT.
(LAUGHTER)
I DON'T-- YOU KNOW, YOU START ON
THESE ENDEAVORS AND THEY, YOU
NEVER TRY TO MAKE THEM BAD.
>> James: EVER.
>> BUT SOME JUST MISS THE MARK.
>> James: UH-HUH.
>> BEYOND YOUR CONTROL.
>> James: FOR SURE.
>> SO.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE).
>> James: NO!
>> James: THEY'RE NOT BAD.
>> James: OKAY, WILL, CHOOSE
SOMETHING FOR ME.
>> I MEAN IT'S NOT CHRISTMAS
WITHOUT SOME TES PARTICULAR
ALES, TURKEY TESTICLES.
WHAT IS YOUR LEAST FAVORITE WILL
FARRELL MOVIE AND WHY?
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
>> I HAVE VERY THICK SKIN, I
HAVE A VERY THICK SKIN SO IF YOU
DON'T WANT TO EAT THAT, YOU
DON'T HAVE TO.
>> James: HERE'S WHAT I WILL
SAY.
YOU START OUT ON THESE ENDEAVORS
-- SO HOW COULD I AND I
WILL SAY.
>> YEAH.
>> James: I LOVE HOLMES &
WATSON, I WATCHED IT JUST LAST
NIGHT WITH MY WIFE, FANTASTIC.
>> THANK YOU.
>> James: FUNNY, YOU, JOHN C
RILEY, ROB, JUST-- BUT YOU GOT
TO UNDERSTAND THIS IS A TURKEY'S
BALL.
>> OH, I DO.
>> James: I DON'T WANT TO TELL
YOU WHICH FILM I DON'T-- IT'S SO
WEIRD.
>> IT'S OKAY.
YOU JUST DON'T EVER COME ON YOUR
SHOW AGAIN.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
>> THE TURKEY TESSIC EL JUICE IS
DRIPPING OUT OF YOUR MOUTH.
WHOA.
>> James: OH MY GOD.
OH MY GOD, I WAS GOING TO TELL
YOU AND THEN YOU SAID WOULD YOU
FEVER COME BACK ON THE SHOW.
I CAN'T TAKE THOSE RISKS.
(LAUGHTER)
ABSOLUTELY.
>> HOW ABOUT A BIG GLASS OF
MILK.
>> James: STUFF LIKE SQUIRTEDS
OUT IN YOUR MOUTH AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT STUFF IS.
>> I WOULDN'T-- HAVE I NOT HAD A
TURKEY'S TESTICLE IN MY MOUTH
BEFORE SO I WOULDN'T KNOW.
>> James: OKAY, WILL, I'M
GOING TO GIVE YOU A-- A FISH
EYE.
OKAY.
>> NO, NO!
>> James: RANK THESE STARS YOU
HAVE WORKED WITH IN ORDER OF HOW
LIKELY YOU ARE TO WORK WITH THEM
AGAIN.
MEL GIBSON, MARK WAHLBERG AND
JOHN C RILEY.
>> ALL TALENTED ACTORS.
>> James: NO DENYING THAT,
JOHN C RILEY WORKED WITH HIM
MANY TIMES, MARK WALL BERG MANY
TIMES.
>> MEL ONE TIME, WE HAVE A LOT
OF BUSY SCHEDULES, YOU NEVER
KNOW, RIGHT?
CAN YOU REPEAT THE LIST AGAIN?
IT'S ONLY THREE, RIGHT.
>> James: IT'S JUST THE THREE,
MARK WAHLBERG, MEL GIBSON AND
JOHN C RILEY.
>> YEAH.
>> James: OH, COME ON.
OH, WILL.
NO ONE WILL TELL, MEL GIBSON
WILL NEVER SEE THIS.
OH MY GOSH!
THAT IS SPILL YOUR GUTS OR FILL
YOUR GUTS, WILL FARRELL,
EVERYBODY, WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE).